Southern Xinjiang is in great trouble today
You still have to concentrate on the dispute.
I don't know that I'm going crazy
God, it's really my elder who doesn't pay him back
The height of the court
Mysterious Temple
I'm waiting to be lucky enough to build this today.
I am the blessing of this life
As expected of everyone's five major markets
But it was daunting.
The five elders are all five supreme beings
In fact, Ye Huan, that junior, can be a greater elder than you
Is it really a disaster?
Due to the movement of the dragon vein
10 minutes later
The Lanjia will usher in a once-in-a-century earthquake
At that time, the river will be pouring back.
collapse
Lanjiang City will be corpses everywhere
The sword is torn tightly
By false means
Where is Long Xi?
Sir
Longxi is in the hands of that dumpling
However, he is not only unwilling to hand over Long Xi
And arrogant
The punishment for setting up a private position here is good
He also picked on the blood debts of my Zhao and Qi families
Life is not up to me to heal and save people
Lifetime
Old age is bleak
If the family is destroyed
I can be real.
But I'm all real
And my five elders
It doesn't need to be explained.
If I don't have time to listen to your explanation
7 minutes left
Time is running out
Beckham, you and Jie hand over the thing that can attack my Ye family
If you say on your feet, on your feet
Is it too domineering?
This thing is from the ancient night market.
Taken away by traitors
Take it back now
To save the dawn people
Do you have an opinion?
I am not a traitor
So?
You are the one who took away the cold-blooded god
Not me not me